Documentation for dimension icons. (#4917)
GregTechCEu/GregTechCEu-1.19: docs/content/Modpacks/Other-Topics/Dimension-Icons.md

---
title: Dimension Icons
---

`Dimension icons` are the icons shown when the `dimension` recipe conditon. 

> They are also used in recipe viewers to show which dimensions an ore vein can be generated in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimension icons are the icons shown when the `dimension` recipe condition, as well as in recipe viewers to show which dimensions an ore vein can be generated in.
```

> New ones can be made and existing ones can be modified both in `Java` and `Kubejs`.

Reviewer: can you change the capitalization to "KubeJS" in all 3 places it's mentioned?

To make or modify a dimension icon in `Java` you will need to add a listener to the mod's constructor.

`modEventBus.addGenericListener(DimensionMarker.class, this::registerDimensionMarkers);`

> Below is an example of making new `dimension icons`/`modifying existing ones` in a `Java addon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of making new and modifying existing dimension icons in a Java addon.
```

    DimensionMarker sceneMarker = new DimensionMarker(
            3, // Tier
            () -> Items.DIAMOND_BLOCK, // Supplier for the actual Icon ItemStack.
            "mymod.dimension.example_dimension.name" // Lang key can also be a normal text block.
    );
    event.register(sceneDimKey, sceneMarker);
    
    // Editing an existing icon.
    ResourceLocation netherKey = new ResourceLocation("minecraft", "the_nether");
    DimensionMarker upgradedNetherMarker = new DimensionMarker(
            5, 
            () -> Items.NETHERITE_BLOCK,
            "text.mymod.super_nether"
    );
    GTRegistries.DIMENSION_MARKERS.registerOrOverride(netherKey, upgradedNetherMarker);
}
```

`Dimension Icons` also can be made/edited using `KubeJs` scripts using similar syntax.

```js
GTCEuStartupEvents.registry("gtceu:dimension_marker", event => {
    // Edit existing dimension icon,
    const GTRegistries = Java.loadClass('com.gregtechceu.gtceu.api.registry.GTRegistries')
    const DimensionMarker = Java.loadClass('com.gregtechceu.gtceu.api.data.DimensionMarker')
    const ResourceLocation = Java.loadClass('net.minecraft.resources.ResourceLocation')

>     const Items = Java.loadClass('net.minecraft.world.item.Items')

Reviewer: Only DimensionMarker is needed
Anything that's mentioned in https://github.com/GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern/blob/609dacef6ef65f8eb6d8bd2b4eecd42863efbe26/src/main/java/com/gregtechceu/gtceu/integration/kjs/GregTechKubeJSPlugin.java#L273 can be mentioned by the name in the string without importing. Items and ResourceLocation are also done in KJS's own version of that file at BuiltinKubeJSPlugin
